Blog post with Release 0.9 plan (#239)
kyma-project/website: content/blog-posts/2019-03-15-release-0.9-plan/index.md

You can expect also several improvements in the monitoring area. We will work on a configurable monitoring and alerting support for Kyma components. Additionally, you will get the latest versions of Grafana and  Prometheus. And our new logging solution - Loki will be exposed nicely in the Console UI and Grafana dashboards.

We were waiting for the new features coming with Istio 1.1 and now when the release candidate is already available we can start the integration process. New Istio version will allow us to get rid of Nginx Ingress Controller serving application connectivity endpoints and simplify our network setup. We can have only one external IP and LoadBalancer for all Kyma components, and much simpler configuration with dynamic DNS (xip.io) - you can provision Kyma cluster without providing any additional parameters (like domain name, certificates, IPs, etc).

There are planned also improvements and refactoring in our UI. 
- Views will be optimized for mobile devices. 
- Modal micro-frontends will enable better component reusability. 

> - We will switch to the AssetStore, our own Kubernetes-native solution for content storage, for serving markdown documentation and API specifications like AsyncAPI, OpenAPI, and OData. 

Reviewer: assetstore in in backed, but on top of it we have abstracted CRD and custom controller, that is in separate chart, not sure if it should not be cleared out

>   - The Console UI will start using the AssetStore - a proprietary, Kubernetes-native solution for content storage, serving markdown documentation and API specifications like AsyncAPI, OpenAPI, and OData. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For rendering documentation, the Console UI will start using the Headless CMS component that is based on Asset Store - a proprietary, Kubernetes-native solution for content storage, serving markdown documentation and API specifications like AsyncAPI, OpenAPI, and OData. 
```
